feat: Add organization-level presets (#7403)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/config-presets.md

## Contributing to presets

Have you configured a rule that you think others might benefit from? Please consider contributing it to the [Renovate](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate) repository so that it gains higher visibility and saves others from reinventing the same thing.

## Organisation level presets

> When repository onboarding happens, if a repository called `renovate-config` exists under the same organisation, that repository will be suggested as the preset instead of `config:base`. This allows for a seamless onboarding workflow with your own organisation settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When repository onboarding happens, if a repository called `renovate-config` exists under the same organization and contains a default Renovate preset, that repository will be suggested as the preset instead of `config:base`. This allows for a seamless onboarding workflow with your own organization settings.
```

I think this is the case?

Author: Ah, yes, that's right, thanks for catching that

> When repository onboarding happens, if a repository called `renovate-config` exists under the same organization and contains a default Renovate preset, that repository will be suggested as the preset instead of `config:base`. This allows for a seamless onboarding workflow with your own organization settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When repository onboarding happens, if a repository called `renovate-config` exists under the same organization and contains a default Renovate preset, that repository will be suggested as the the sole extended preset, and any existing `onboardingConfig` config will be ignored/overriden. This allows for a seamless onboarding workflow with your own organization settings.
```

`config:base` is the default for the app, but not for the CLI tool - it has no default except for the schema.
